The President:
Hi, everybody.
This week, I've been speaking
about America's national
security -- our past, our
present, and our future.
On Thursday, I outlined the
future of our fight against
terrorism -- the threats we
face, and the way in which we
will meet them.
On Friday, I went to Annapolis
to celebrate the extraordinary
young men and women of the
United States Naval Academy's
Class of 2013 -- the sailors and
Marines who will not only lead
that fight, but who will lead our
country for decades to come.
And on Monday, we
celebrate Memorial Day.
Unofficially, it's
the start of summer --
a chance for us to spend some
time with family and friends,
at barbecues or the beach,
getting a little fun and
relaxation in before
heading back to work.
It's also a day on which
we set aside some time,
on our own or with our families,
to honor and remember all the
men and women who have given
their lives in service to this
country we love.
They are heroes,
each and every one.
They gave America the most
precious thing they had --
"the last full
measure of devotion."
And because they did, we
are who we are today --
a free and prosperous nation,
the greatest in the world.
At a time when only about 1% of
the American people bear the
burden of our defense, the
service and sacrifice of our men
and women in uniform isn't
always readily apparent.
That's partly because our
soldiers, sailors, airmen,
Marines and coast guardsmen are
so skilled at what they do.
It's also because those who
serve tend to do so quietly.
They don't seek the limelight.
They don't serve
for our admiration,
or even our gratitude.
They risk their lives,
and many give their lives,
for something larger than
themselves or any of us:
the ideals of liberty and
justice that make America a
beacon of hope for the world.
That's been true
throughout our history --
from our earliest days, when a
tiny band of revolutionaries
stood up to an Empire,
to our 9/11 Generation,
which continues to serve
and sacrifice today.
Every time a threat has risen,
Americans have risen to meet it.
And because of that courage
-- that willingness to fight,
and even die -- America endures.
That is the purpose
of Memorial Day.
To remember with gratitude the
countless men and women who gave
their lives so we could know
peace and live in freedom.
And we must do
more than remember.
We must care for the loved ones
that our fallen service members
have left behind.
We must make sure all our
veterans have the care and
benefits they've earned,
and the jobs and opportunity
they deserve.
We must be there for the
military families whose loved
ones are in harm's way --
for they serve as well.
And above all, we must make sure
that the men and women of our
armed forces have the support
they need to achieve their
missions safely at
home and abroad.
The young men and women I met at
the Naval Academy this week know
the meaning of service.
They've studied the
heroes of our history.
They've chosen to follow
in their footsteps --
to stand their watch, man
a ship, lead a platoon.
They are doing their part.
And each of us must do ours.
So this weekend, as we
commemorate Memorial Day,
I ask you to hold all our
fallen heroes in your hearts.
And every day, let's work
together to preserve what their
sacrifices achieved -- to make
our country even stronger,
even more fair, even more free.
That's our mission.
It's our obligation.
And it is our privilege, as the
heirs of those who came before
us, and as citizens of the
United States of America.
Thanks.